Update NewRelic::Agent::Tracer.in_transaction to identify category as a required kwarg (#1587)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

    Unicorn, Rainbows, or FastCGI web applications using Rack v3.0.0 may previously have had the "dispatcher" value incorrectly reported as "Webrick" instead of "Unicorn", "Rainbows", or "FastCGI". This issue has now been addressed. [PR#1585](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/1585)

  * **Bugfix: Category is a required keyword arg for NewRelic::Agent::Tracer.in_transaction**

>     When support for Ruby 2.0 was dropped in version 8.0.0 of the agent, the agent API methods were updated to use the required keyword argument feature built in to Ruby, rather than manually raising `ArgumentError`'s. The API method NewRelic::Agent::Tracer.in_transaction removed the ArgumentError raised by the agent, but did not update the method arguments to identify category as a required keyword argument. This is now resolved. Thank you to @tatzsuzuki for bringing this to our attention. [PR#](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/1587)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When support for Ruby 2.0 was dropped in version 8.0.0 of the agent, the agent API methods were updated to use the required keyword argument feature built into Ruby, rather than manually raising ArgumentErrors. The API method `NewRelic::Agent::Tracer.in_transaction` removed the ArgumentError raised by the agent, but did not update the method arguments to identify category as a required keyword argument. This is now resolved. Thank you to @tatzsuzuki for bringing this to our attention. [PR#](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/1587)
```
